Bob Nine kicked off the meeting

Ethan D asked for Bob to hang on after the meeting to discuss logistics.  Pierce is taking today off. Elliot and Ben offline.

Ethan D - last week cut a release on Friday.  Lots of bug fixes.  Update to improve reading from parquet to permit read of full batch.
          Fixed preprocessing issues to provide better flexibility. Added export uint function.  fixed broken links in README. Fixed CI issue.
          Cleaned up rogue references in seqArray. Fixed a deprecation warning. Working file i/o updates. Out Thursday and Friday.
          
Jake T - Fixing bugs.  Looking at RST files.         

Josh - Working pytest issues.  Working on interjoins.

John - Fixed bug for Pierce on logic error on memory count for logging.  Improved log message.  Added 2 new metrics. 
       May want to add a field to ingest to correlate the context of the function.  Enable roll ups. Started work on results.  
       Arkodua on Kubernetes seems better than Slurm. Integrating argoevents this week.
       
Bob - Let's white board this tomorrow. 

Mike O - Visitors here - meet and greet. Available to talk to Chris about his abstract.  Spoke to potential candidate.

Chris - Working with Pierce on an array and his abstract.  No title yet.

Dan - Nothing substantial - a bit sick.  Back in on Thursday.

David - Busy on abstracts for graphfest. Paper on parallel processing.  Integrating with new versions.

Dr. Du - Did comparisons of new method for model with horizontal edges.  Did not work well.  Connecting the compnent algorithm 
     Implementing GraphBlast, but it was difficult to interface.  
     
Oliver - added new code to store associative domain to include reverse mapping of nodes.  Ran into issues with binary search. Fixed bug in DAG.      

Hourimi - Question for John - possible may not get the number of processors when you do Slurm?  
                       John - sure - my results are very experimental and not releasable.  
          Question for Josh - implempenting interjoins?
                      Josh - yes. Requested by the user as a nice to have.

Josh - Will have documentation up for benchmarks

Bob - No Wednesday meeting.





